Add variable to use existing IrrlichtMt build (#11656)
minetest/minetest: README.md

  - Debug build is slower, but gives much more useful output in a debugger.
- If you build a bare server you don't need to have the Irrlicht or IrrlichtMt library installed.
  - In that case use `-DIRRLICHT_INCLUDE_DIR=/some/where/irrlicht/include`.

> - Minetest will look for IrrlichtMt in four steps.
>   1. If the `IRRLICHTMT_BUILD_DIR` variable is set, it takes precedence above all else.
>   2. If no build directory is selected, CMake will use `${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/lib/irrlichtmt` if it exists.
>   3. If the first two steps fail, CMake will look for an IrrlichtMt install in standard root paths.
>   4. If all else fails, `IRRLICHT_INCLUDE_DIR` is set and `BUILD_CLIENT` is turned off, the headers from the include dir will be used.
>   - NOTE: Changing the IrrlichtMt build dir (includes system installs) will require regenerating CMakeCache.txt or clearing the `IrrlichtMt_DIR` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minetest will use the IrrlichtMt package that is first found, given by the following order:
  1. Specified `IRRLICHTMT_BUILD_DIR` CMake variable
  2. `${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/lib/irrlichtmt` (if existent)
  3. Installation of IrrlichtMt in the system-specific library paths
  4. For server builds with disabled `BUILD_CLIENT` variable, the headers from `IRRLICHT_INCLUDE_DIR` will be used.
  - NOTE: Changing the IrrlichtMt build directory (includes system installs) requires regenerating `CMakeCache.txt` or clearing the `IrrlichtMt_DIR` variable.
```

I am assuming that `CMake will look for an IrrlichtMt install in standard root paths` refers to OS library paths. Please correct me if I am wrong there.

Author: Good point. Clearing the cache should be sufficient for everyone needs.
